Neutrinos have bad breadth.

Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.

If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?

Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.

A penny saved is ridiculous.

Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.

No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.

Chemistry professors never die, they just smell that way!

The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.

Schizophrenia beats being alone.

To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.

If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.

Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?

He who laughs last didn't get the joke.

Old musicians never die, they just decompose.

Never play leapfrog with a unicorn!

Atheism is a non-prophet organization.

An elephant is a mouse built to Mil-spec.

If it works, Don't fix it.

Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.

Gravity brings me down.

When you're up to your hips in alligators, you forget the original project was to drain the swamp.

Help stamp out and abolish redundancy!

While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.

You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.

Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.

Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.

Where there's a will, there's an inheritance tax.

Klein bottle for rent - inquire within.

Entropy isn't what it used to be.

Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.

Individualists unite!

Money is the root of all wealth.

The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.

The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.

If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.

Computers Unite!  You have nothing to lose but your operators.

Rubber bands have snappy endings!

Old frogs never die, but they do croak!

Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!

A hangover is the wrath of grapes.

An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.

Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive insane.

Clones are people two.

Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy!

Going the speed of light is bad for your age.

White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.

Polymer physicists are into chains.

Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.

On all lasergrams:  Don't forget the Zap code.

Time is just nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once.

There's no future in time travel.

Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.

Take an astronaut to launch.

Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.

Confucious say too damn much!

Reality does not exist - yet.

Sentient plasmoids are a gas.

Xerox never comes up with anything original.

Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with your fist.

If rabbits feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?

Small programs are for small minds.

Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.

Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.

Things worth having are worth cheating for.

Psychiatrists stay on your mind.

If your feet smell and your nose runs - you're built upside down.

Mrs. Ghandi is in a sari state.

Part-time musicians are semiconductors.

A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.

In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?

We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.

Confession is good for the soul, but bad for your career.

Don't sweat it - it's only ones and zeros.

If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.

Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.

Never put off 'til tomorrow what you can avoid altogether.

A friend in need is a pest indeed.

Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.

Two is company, three is an orgy.

Do unto others before they undo you.

Love thy neighbor, but make sure her husband is away first!

Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.

The best things in life are for a fee.

He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.

How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?

You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can make a fool of yourself anytime.

Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.

People who live in stone houses shouldn't throw glasses.

Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.

Astronauts are out to launch.

There is no such thing as a "Fail Safe" design.

No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.

Winning isn't everything, but then losing is nothing.

If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.

To every rule there is an exception, and vice versa.

Archaeologists take sedimental journeys.

Remember, the paper is always strongest at the perforations.

A closed mouth gathers no feet.

Smile! It makes people wonder what you've been up to.

Smile! Things can only get worse.

After all is said and done, usually more is said than done.

Gargling twice daily is a good way to see if your neck leaks.

Preventing baldness is simple. Just knot your hair from the inside.

Old bakers never die, they just quit making dough.

If we can't fix it -   its broken!

You can never get rid of a bad temper by losing it.

I'm an influential person - gravitationally speaking.

If you knew what Mona Lisa knew, you'd smile too.

The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.

The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about.

Marriage is one of the chief causes of divorce.

The shortest distance between two points is usually under construction.

To be born rich is an accident; to die rich is a miracle.

Chicken feed is what most of our nest eggs have turned into.

Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.

In a fight between you and the world, back the world.

A fool and your money are soon partners.

Win or lose, you lose.

Structured Programming supports the law of the excluded muddle.

In software systems it is often the early bird that makes the worm.

A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.

An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.

If your computer speaks English it was probably made in Japan.

A year spent in Artificial Intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.

Prolonged contact with computers turns mathematicians into clerks and vice versa.

Editing is a rewording activity.

Why did the Roman Empire collapse? What's the Latin for office automation?

Computer Science is embarrassed by the computer.

In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.

Epigrams are macros, since they are executed at read time.

COBOL programmers understand why women hate periods.

Crime wouldn't pay, if the government ran it.

Streakers repent!   Your end is in sight.

How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying? When his lips move.

We will release no software before its time.

Flying is the art of throwing yourself at the ground... and missing!

Honesty is next to poverty.

Cleanliness is next to impossible.

Your karma just ran over my dogma.

Disks travel in packs.

My components are indiscreet.

Anarchy is against the law.

Eliminate government waste no matter how much it costs.

Chastity is its own punishment.

Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.

Give me librium or give me meth.

The only dope worth shooting is Nixon.

An egotist thinks he's in the groove when he's in a rut.

Hawaii is as American as apple poi.

Keep grandmothers off the streets - legalize bingo.

These days govt. is a four letter word.

Graffiti has changed deface of the nation.

Lucky is he for whom the belle toils.

Boy Hippie: a guy who looks like a Jill and smells like a john.

Computers can never replace human stupidity.

Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint him.

Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.

The cost of liberty is less than the price of oppression.

Paranoia is heightened awareness.

Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.

All the world's a stage and the people on it are poorly rehearsed.

A bird in the hand can be messy.

Above all else - sky.

Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.

Serfs up - Spartacus.

Clark Kent is a transvestite.

The only difference between an unclear war and a nuclear war is the way you use the UN.

Courage is fear that has said its prayers.

You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.

All's well that ends.

A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.

All things are possible except skiing thru a revolving door.

It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.

Hire the morally handicapped.

The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
